I've lived in darkness a long time. Over the years my eyes adjusted until the dark became my world and I could see.
Somehow, I doubt that. You have a good heart, Dexter. Under normal circumstances, I'd take that as a compliment. I love Halloween. The one time of year when everyone wears a mask … not just me. This man is a knight in shining armor.

Rorschach would say you have a hard time relating to others. Hello, Dexter Morgan. Watching ice melt. This is fun. Rorschach would say you have a hard time relating to others. Finding a needle in a haystack isn't hard when every straw is computerized.

Cops, another community I'm not part of.
Under normal circumstances, I'd take that as a compliment. You look…perfect. I'm thinking two circus clowns dancing. You? God created pudding, and then he rested. I've lived in darkness a long time. Over the years my eyes adjusted until the dark became my world and I could see.

Like a sloth. I can do that.
You look…perfect.
I like seafood.
Under normal circumstances, I'd take that as a compliment.
Like a sloth. I can do that. I think he's got a crush on you, Dex! Makes me a … scientist. Under normal circumstances, I'd take that as a compliment. Keep your mind limber.

Somehow, I doubt that. You have a good heart, Dexter.
Under normal circumstances, I'd take that as a compliment.
Somehow, I doubt that. You have a good heart, Dexter.
Hello, Dexter Morgan. I have a dark side, too. I'm generally confused most of the time. I am not a killer. I like seafood.

I'm going to tell you something that I've never told anyone before. I'm doing mental jumping jacks. Watching ice melt. This is fun. Rorschach would say you have a hard time relating to others. Rorschach would say you have a hard time relating to others.

God created pudding, and then he rested. You're a killer. I catch killers. Hello, Dexter Morgan. I think he's got a crush on you, Dex! He taught me a code. To survive.

Watching ice melt. This is fun. I think he's got a crush on you, Dex! I'm partial to air conditioning. I'm a sociopath; there's not much he can do for me. Hello, Dexter Morgan.

I am not a killer. I've lived in darkness a long time. Over the years my eyes adjusted until the dark became my world and I could see. Tell him time is of the essence. I'm going to tell you something that I've never told anyone before.

Keep your mind limber. I have a dark side, too. God created pudding, and then he rested. Under normal circumstances, I'd take that as a compliment. Rorschach would say you have a hard time relating to others.

Somehow, I doubt that. You have a good heart, Dexter. I've lived in darkness a long time. Over the years my eyes adjusted until the dark became my world and I could see. I'm a sociopath; there's not much he can do for me.

I like seafood. I'm a sociopath; there's not much he can do for me. I'm a sociopath; there's not much he can do for me. I have a dark side, too.

I am not a killer. Under normal circumstances, I'd take that as a compliment. I'm real proud of you for coming, bro. I know you hate funerals. I'm real proud of you for coming, bro. I know you hate funerals.

Like a sloth. I can do that. Cops, another community I'm not part of. I'm partial to air conditioning. You all right, Dexter?

Like a sloth. I can do that. God created pudding, and then he rested. I have a dark side, too. Cops, another community I'm not part of. Hello, Dexter Morgan.
